feat(gatsby-transformer-csv): add tsv parsing option (#21198)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-transformer-csv/README.md

customization of the parsing process is possible using the parameters listed in
[csvtojson](https://github.com/Keyang/node-csvtojson#parameters).

### Configuration

> For example, to pass the `noheader` option, you can configure like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to pass the `noheader` option, you can configure the plugin in `gatsby-config.js` as follows:
```
